Thank you for the opportunity
We good merchants
In just a few months
Made money for 10 years
Hahaha, it's easy to say
As long as it is a natural disaster
There are more porcelain.
I'm eating
So exciting
Didn't you say the body exploded?
Can't you go to the East Palace for dinner?
Why drink here?
old man
I brought a piece of magic for Boss Xu
Can't you cure it?
He pointed out that His Highness Wei Mei was too lenient
Have this time
It's better to care more
Those displaced disasters
How dare you mention Sanming to me?
That's my Daxia people
I am a Daxia official
Nature loves the people so much
So hopefully
His Royal Highness can handle this well
Don't let the people die
Don't let our minister die
What do you have to do?
I'm Mrs. Jincheng
But the student of the prime minister
You all love it.
Open your mouth at dawn and keep your mouth shut. Minister of the world
In private
Collusion with Liang Shang to Fa Guo Nacai
There are still two, three or five people who want to listen to Li's female people
To kill me
This is to offend my kindness
Protector, you are the prince
You have concubines
Kill me, look at Yan Xiang, it's hard for me to die
The prince is forgiven
Great Emperor, the last stand is civilized
I'll let it go right away
Kill it!
All the food in the Xu family
Are used for disaster relief
All the property of the Xu family is used for rescue